thank you oh it's coming it's 857 and so
is the digital transition we're just now
a little over two minutes away from the
biggest change in television really
since color TV took over black and white
it is the DTV transition morning KCTV 5s
Christina Medina is live at our
transmitter waiting for the big switch
Christina yes we are getting ready and
counting down here we do have two of our
engineers joining us Mike and they will
be the ones who will be officially
flipping the switch now we were talking
just about how long this signal has been
on the air this transmitter nearly 28
years it's been very reliable it's
running very well right now we hate
producing some fine pictures right now
but it has to move on and when they do
flip this switch here the noise is going
to be a little less it's going to be
less noisy right yeah well here the
quiet for the speak so a lot of noise
right now it's going to be a different
world down here that's for sure and they
were telling me a little bittersweet as
well now we do know that people are
going to have a lot of questions still
when we do this switchover now in just
less than a minute so we do want to go
over some main points here if you do
need a digital converter box for your TV
before you watch your favorite shows you
are going to need to do one very
important thing after the plugs are in
place grab the new remote that comes
with the box and then lock the new
channels there will be a welcome screen
and then it should take you through the
process but there is one tricky question
all right so it should only take a
couple minutes for you to double-check
that we've got all sorts of information
on that but well let's come back out
here live in just a couple seconds here
let's go ahead and count down and take a
live look here let's press it here we go
flip go ahead flip the switch